
ABOUT US
Sharing beauty since 1872

For 150 years, Shiseido has pioneered the future of skincare to bring a truly holistic experience to your beauty routine. Being an innovative cosmetic company, we blend cutting-edge technology with breakthrough science from Japan, so you can reveal your most vibrant and radiant self every day.
A beauty story like no other.
Arinobu Fukuhara was only 23 and working as Chief Pharmacist in the Japanese Navy when he started to create a new way of thinking about health, inspired by Western science and innovations. His idea? To make a change not just on the surface but from deeper inside.
WE BELIEVE THAT BEAUTY CAN BE FOUND
EVERYWHERE, IN EVERYTHING AND IN EVERY PERSON.

For us, beauty is about so much more than what we see. It is a shared feeling; it is diverse and unifying. When we feel good, we can only do good.
By inspiring empathy,

beauty is the ultimate force for goodness.

And true beauty is made with soul.
THE TRADITION
With one eye to the future and the other to the West, Shiseido is deeply rooted in tradition, and dedicated to celebrating the values and culture of Japan. Our products promote a unique sense of spiritual beauty, with a nod to emblematic care rituals.
Body and soul are parts of a whole that we treat equally. This approach enables us to offer an authentic vision of beauty, derived from the very mechanisms of life.
We honour nature using ingredients taken from traditional pharmacopeia, which are grown and harvested with respect for their ecosystem..
Our commitment to tradition and quest for innovation leads us to keep evolving over the years.
THE OMOTENASHI
At Shiseido, Omotenashi is at the heart of everything we do. It is the subtle art of hospitality that places others at the centre in the utmost respect of humanity.
We welcome and guide you with compassion, empathy, and a sense of selflessness. Purchasing a Shiseido product is not a simple act of consumption; it is an experience that awakens the five senses. In this way, our holistic treatments bring you both beauty and profound wellbeing.
MISS SHISEIDO
Who is Miss Shiseido?

She isn’t just one person; the Miss Shiseidos are a group of experts who paved the way for the beauty ambassadors.

1934 was the beginning of the Miss Shiseido beauty experts. Dressed in Western-style designer uniforms rather than traditional kimonos, they were trained in beauty techniques, cosmetic science, public speaking, fashion, and culture.

They traveled all over Japan with their knowledge to present the value of Shiseido products — showcasing the latest beauty rituals through skits called ‘Theatre of Modern Beauty’, and offering audience members personalised cosmetic consultations at the end of the show.

The spirit of Omotenashi in our point of sales began with Miss Shiseido, as well as our commitment to launching and supporting women’s careers in Japan.

The “Miss Shiseido” programme now has more than 20,000 female beauty experts in 85 countries.

#4
HANATSUBAKI
SHARING IS CARING
On top of developing beauty products, at Shiseido we have been providing our customers with skincare and makeup education for more than five decades.
Because sharing beauty techniques is also a way to take care of our customers, the Camellia Club was created in 1937 to “spread the best beauty advice while enriching the tastes and culture of the modern woman”. Membership in the Club included a magazine subscription, as well as invitations to beauty events and conferences around Japan. It also included discount coupons for Shiseido products and gifts upon purchase. These gifts, adorned with the iconic camellia, were created by famous artists of the time.
In the same year, we also launched the Hanatsubaki magazine — an illustrated beauty glossy that you can still enjoy today. Throughout our history, our publications and advertising campaigns have aimed to empower our customers by promoting lifestyle trends and beauty artistry.

Japanese philosophy. Meticulous quality. Advanced technology.

These three pillars create harmony in all our products and the singularity of our savoir-faire. At Shiseido, we bring together the objectivity of science with the subjectivity of creativity to innovate. We work to deepen our knowledge and understanding of the skin mechanisms, while offering the most enjoyable experience to our customers with beauty products that are both simple and complex in their design and formulation.


#1
OUR UNIQUE EXPERTISE
SKINCARE
At Shiseido, skincare is everything. Passionate about the beauty in life and the effect of inner body mechanisms on the skin surface, we offer unique expertise in dermatology. Our skincare products are powerful — they make the skin stronger and more resilient. They are safe, combine exclusive high-quality ingredients and technology, and work deeper to enhance your complexion from within.
In the tradition of Japanese beauty rituals, Shiseido skincare calls on the five senses with sensorial textures and fragrances based on aromachology, giving you a profound sense of wellbeing. From the cleanser you rinse off each night, to the serum you massage in each morning and night, each formula allows you to reveal your most vibrant and youthful radiance.
TRUE BEAUTY STARTS WITH THE
MIND AND SKIN IN HARMONY

SUNSCREEN
The skin cannot fight UV rays alone. At Shiseido, we first introduced products with sun protection powers in Japan in 1923. Since then, we’ve continued to innovate with new sun protection technologies, giving skin the support it needs to defend itself. Recently, joining the HeatForceTM and WetForceTM patents, our SynchroShieldTM and Sun Dual CareTM technologies brought our R&D to new heights — working in tandem with the environment to naturally boost skin’s defence. We fuse this technology with skin-kind ingredients for weightless suncare that’s a joy to use. The result? Easy application, a cared-for complexion, and protection that works for you.
WITH SHISEIDO,
THE SUN BECOMES A BEAUTY ALLY


MAKE UP
Our skincare enhances beauty from within. Our makeup reveals it.
Each product beautifies the skin instantly and subtly, while infusing your skin with the same actives found in our skincare products for long-lasting effect on the skin quality.
Our 125 eye and lip shades suit every style and every need. We collaborate with distinguished international makeup artists to create looks and share techniques faithful to the Japanese art of beauty. This means asserting yourself without ever overdoing it.
BEING YOURSELF, ALL FACETS OF YOURSELF,

HAS NEVER BEEN SO EASY
FRAGRANCE
Renowned for skincare, Shiseido also has a long history in perfumery. Our first and most iconic perfume, Hanatsubaki (which means camellia) was released in 1917. With the launch of Ginza in 2021, an ode to the iconic and vibrant district of Tokyo, we reconnected to our roots to celebrate our vision of femininity. The dual facets of delicacy and power expressed with contrasting woody and floral notes.
SHISEIDO FRAGRANCES ARE
OLFACTORY MANIFESTOS

100year-research
#2
100 YEARS OF RESEARCH
8 research centers around the world. 1200 employees in research and innovation.
Since the opening of our first laboratory in 1916, our team at Shiseido has never stopped pursuing excellence in research and innovation. We are an international authority on skin, committed to meticulous research and development processes to ensure customers higher quality and safety, effectiveness, and sensory pleasure in our products.

Our expertise is recognised by the scientific community, further proof of our forward-thinking and disruptive technologies.

Ultimune, our #1 serum with double anti-ageing technology, is one of many break-throughs that has reinforced our reputation in the industry. The culmination of 25 years of research; this innovation has received 224 beauty awards, and one product is sold every 9 seconds around the world.

research2-img
What sets us apart from other cosmetic companies is our dedication to beauty that adapts to everyone.

DYNAMIC HARMONY is our very own research approach that fuses Western science and Eastern wisdom. It is based on five values: inside and outside, functionality and Japanese quality, science and creativity, luxury and sustainable development, the individual and the universal. All contrasting and complementary, and each of them allowing us to provide new products and better services based on our forever mission.

logo
This unique philosophy paves the way for futuristic innovations that meet consumer expectations and continue to embody our corporate mission:

BEAUTY INNOVATIONS FOR A BETTER WORLD

#3
A HOLISTIC APPROACH TO BEAUTY
Taking a holistic approach to beauty inspires us to look beyond the surface of skin. Our goal is to find the best way to protect the skin in an optimal way against external factors, UV rays, and the passage of time, as well as the frantic rhythm of everyday life. Our research focuses on the study of three major systems fundamentally connected to our skin: the immune, nervous, and vascular systems.

IMMUNITY
SELF OR NON SELF?

EXPLORING THE
PHILOSPHY

AT THE CORE OF A HUMAN WONDER.
Our immune system protects us from a lot of things — pollution, infections, and stress — and our skin serves as the first line of defence with our internal sentinels, Langerhans cells and NK cells. These help to differentiate “self” (body cells) from “non-self” (antigens); if they detect a foreign substance, they will combat it immediately with the support of our nervous and vascular systems.
MICROCIRCULATION
EVERY PULSE TAKES US FURTHER DOWN AN INFINITELY BRANCHING,
BEAUTIFUL CRIMSON RIVER.

Microcirculation provides the essential supply of water, oxygen, and nutrients necessary to the proper functioning of the skin; increasing its resilience and imbuing it with smoothness and radiance. Our cells live to the rhythm of our heartbeat.
Our research enabled us to understand that the vascular network declines with age and under the influence of UV rays, but also that the quality of vessels has an impact on the elasticity of the skin

NERVOUS SYSTEM
TRACING THE
BEAUTIFUL LINES

THAT RUN ALONG OUR BLOOD VESSELS TOWARDS THE BRAIN.
Our sensory receptors receive signals to alert the brain of any damage to the skin that needs to be repaired. Through our research, we now know that interactions between the nervous system and skin cells are essential for the proper functioning of the skin and its regeneration, but also to increase collagen production. On top of that, we’ve been delving into neuroscience to integrate an emotional component to skincare, particularly through fragrance and aromachology, as well as sensorial textures.
All Shiseido products are inspired by the unique technologies born from our research in these three areas:

Lifeblood Research™
Our 20-year research on the cardiovascular system led to the development of Lifeblood™, a science and technology that aims to support vital flow.
ImuGeneration Technology™
25 years of studying the skin’s immune system has led to the development of our technology ImuGenerationTM, which uses Langerhans cells to preserve and stimulate the skin’s defensive action. Our findings allow stronger anti-ageing effects.
ReNeura Technology™
Shiseido created ReNeuraTM, a technology that increases communication between nerves and skin cells to stimulate the skin’s natural ability to regenerate and improve the efficacy of your products. It’s key to fighting the first signs of ageing.

#4
A PIONEERING AND LEADING ROLE IN DERMATOLOGY
Shiseido has become an authority on skin and skincare, and one of the leaders in the research of dermatology, with a valuable expertise in the development of raw materials. Some of these materials we’ve created entirely, and others we’ve improved for high performance.

HYALURONIC ACID
In 1985, Shiseido was the first Japanese company to use biotechnology to produce hyaluronic acid for cosmetic use on a large scale. Ten years later, we reached another major achievement when creating a new hyaluronic acid, Super Bio-Hyaluronic Acid, which has an acetylated structure that captures twice as much water and optimises its affinity with the skin.
In 2022, for the first time, Shiseido combined three different hyaluronic acids in the Essential Energy range for better absorption and water retention to guarantee longer-lasting hydration.
RETINOL
Shiseido research has made it possible to maximise the action of another significant active ingredient, pure retinol. After 30 years of work, we managed to stabilise it, using meticulously calibrated manufacturing processes and with the development of totally hermetic packaging that guarantees maximum efficacy, as in the Vital Perfection range.
This is an achievement that has been recognised by the Japanese Ministry of Health.
The power of aromachology
In the 1990s, Shiseido began to study the power of scents on psychological and physiological wellbeing, as well as their impact on skin conditions. We discovered unsuspected benefits, such as improving the quality of sleep, reducing sebum production, relieving stress, and maintaining optimal hormonal balance. The fragrance in our #1 Ultimune serum contains the ImuCalm CompoundTM, an accord based on rose and lotus that has scientifically proven anti-stress and soothing actions.

#5
THE FUTURE OF RESEARCH
The Yokohama-based Global Innovation Centre (GIC), which opened in 2019 in Japan, symbolises Shiseido’s commitment to excellence and investment in research and development.

Conceived as an open urban laboratory, the GIC is dedicated to cutting-edge innovation and the promotion of global communication and collaboration between consumers, researchers, business partners, and experts around the world.

In a space dedicated to employee wellbeing and furnished with state-of-the-art equipment, in-house researchers work on flexible and innovative projects that free their creativity and imagination.

The GIC also houses two floors of open communication spaces where consumers can immerse themselves in the world of Shiseido and be inspired by beauty; with a Beauty Bar where they can try out Shiseido innovations firsthand and interact with the researchers who created them. It also features a must-see museum that showcases Shiseido culture.

COMMITMENTS
The future starts today

#1 Sourcing ingredients ethically
#2 Respecting our global environment
#3 Empowering women through beauty
At Shiseido, we believe that every detail counts; every action can make a difference, and there is no such thing as small commitments. Respect for the planet, society, and people is embedded in our culture. In everything we do, from development to production, we strive to preserve the environment that we all depend on. This defines our purpose as we move into the future to build a better world.


#1
SOURCING INGREDIENTS ETHICALLY
Inspired by the Shinto tradition in Japan — where nature is contemplated and celebrated like nowhere else — we mainly choose ingredients taken from traditional pharmacopeia. The Enmei herb, known for its exceptional anti-aging properties and used in the Future Solution LX products, comes from 350-year-old trees that grow on Mount Koya. The Waso range contains yuzu and rice and is also a good example of how we promote the excellence of local production and support farmers from different regions of Japan. Our ingredients are ethically sourced to minimise environmental impact and maximise quality and credibility.
A VIRTUOUS CIRCLE

FOR PEOPLE, NATURE, AND THE SKIN

#2
RESPECTING OUR GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT
BEING AWARE
Where and how we live impacts our skin's quality. From digital fatigue to stress, from UV rays to pollution and blue light — at Shiseido, we examine all external factors and potential skin aggressors in our laboratories to find solutions that protect and preserve the skin. In particular, we have built up nearly 100 years of expertise in sun protection and developed exclusive technologies used in sunscreens to boost skin defence in reaction to its environment.
logo
Our corporate mission

BEAUTY INNOVATIONS FOR A BETTER WORLD


BEING SUSTAINABLE
We believe that beauty has the power to change the world, not only for individuals but for society. We know our responsibility to take care of the environment as much as we protect skin when designing and manufacturing our products. Across all areas of our business and value chains, we promote initiatives that reduce our environmental impact.

Based on the Japanese concept of Mottainai, we follow the 5R philosophy:
Reuse with refillable packaging — made possible with our products starting in 1926
Recycle by designing packaging easy to dismantle
Reduce by choosing thinner and lighter materials
Replace by using more recycled materials
Respect by taking concrete and strategic actions toward sustainability
Shiseido is also committed to the health and beauty of the ocean. With the Shiseido Blue project, we’ve been supporting actions such as beach cleaning. We also measure the environmental impact of our products, verifying that our UV filters have no significant effect on coral*, even under conditions like those in the summer season.
* Egg-sized colony, excluding planktonic larvae and juvenile coral colonies.


#3
EMPOWERING WOMEN THROUGH BEAUTY
From the very beginning, we are driven by innovation, transformation, and the creation of social value. Not content to just inspire women with our products and services, we have also worked to increase their visibility and elevate their role in society.
In 2007, we launched a grant for female researchers to promote the scientific efforts of generations of women. In 2021, for the launch of the Ginza perfume — an ode to femininity — Shiseido partnered with the organization W4 which supports and promotes education, health, and equal opportunities for women around the world, in both rural and urban areas. Shiseido is also a sponsor of the Women of Influence Awards in France, which celebrates female entrepreneurship.

THE SHISEIDO ACADEMY OF BEAUTY AND FASHION (SABFA)
The Biyo Kenkyujyo (Beauty Research Center) was founded in 1953 to provide beauty lectures to Shiseido chain stores throughout Japan. The centre was later renamed Biyo Gijyutsu Kenkyujyo (Shiseido Beauty Techniques Research Centre) and began to specialise in research into beauty techniques. After several name changes, the centre became the Beauty Creation Centre. The SABFA has earned an elite reputation among training academies worldwide and graduates are highly sought-after professionals.